Policy support in API (#141)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/policies.mdx

# Policies API

> 

Reviewer: A thought --> if we can't explicitly comment out the OPA stuff here, then I think we need to add a comment somewhere visible about how OPA isn't yet available in TFE. Maybe we add on to that top note --> 

-> **Note:** Sentinel and OPA policies are available in the [Terraform Cloud **Team & Governance** tier](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing), and OPA policies are in beta. OPA Policies are also not available in Terraform Enterprise.

> -> **Note:** Sentinel and OPA policies are available in the [Terraform Cloud **Team & Governance** tier](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing) and OPA policies are in beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** Sentinel and OPA policies are available in the [Terraform Cloud **Team & Governance** tier](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing), and OPA policies are in beta. OPA Policies are also not available in Terraform Enterprise.
```

> -> **Note:** Sentinel and OPA policies are available in the [Terraform Cloud **Team & Governance** tier](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing), and OPA policies are in beta. OPA Policies are also not available in Terraform Enterprise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** Sentinel and OPA policies are available in the [Terraform Cloud Team & Governance tier](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing), and OPA policies are in beta. OPA Policies are not available in Terraform Enterprise.
```

[Policy Enforcement](/cloud-docs/policy-enforcement) lets you use the policy-as-code frameworks Sentinel and Open Policy Agent (OPA) to apply policy checks to Terraform Cloud workspaces.

> You configure policy enforcement on an organization level by adding policies, organizing policies into larger [policy sets](/cloud-docs/policy-enforcement/manage-policies#policies-and-policy-sets), and applying those policy sets to one or more workspaces. Within the specified workspaces, Terraform Cloud checks each Terraform plan against the the policy set and displays the results in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You group policies into [policy sets](/cloud-docs/policy-enforcement/manage-policy-sets) and apply those policy sets to one or more workspaces in your organization. For each run in those workspaces, Terraform Cloud checks the Terraform plan against the policy set and displays the results in the UI.
```

> This page documents the API endpoints to create, read, update, and delete individual policies in an organization. To manage policy sets, use the [Policy Sets API](/cloud-docs/api-docs/policy-sets). To manage the policy check results, use the [Runs API](/cloud-docs/api-docs/run).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page documents the API endpoints to create, read, update, and delete policies in an organization. To manage policy sets, use the [Policy Sets API](/cloud-docs/api-docs/policy-sets). To manage the policy results, use the [Runs API](/cloud-docs/api-docs/run).
```

> ~> **Note**: We no longer recommend using these endpoints to manage Sentinel policies in Terraform Cloud. For Sentinel, we recommend creating versioned policy sets with the [Policy Sets API](/cloud-docs/api-docs/policy-sets). Policy sets let you integrate with version control systems and upload policy set data and configuration together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note**: We no longer recommend using these endpoints to manage Sentinel policies in Terraform Cloud. For Sentinel, we recommend creating versioned policy sets with the [Policy Sets API](/cloud-docs/api-docs/policy-sets). Policy sets let you integrate with version control systems and upload policy set data and configuration together.
```

> ~> **Note**: These endpoints are no longer the recommended way to use Sentinel features in Terraform Cloud. For Sentinel, we suggest using versioned policy sets, which allows integrating with VCS or uploading policy set data and configuration as a whole. Use the [policy sets API](/cloud-docs/api-docs/policy-sets) to leverage versioned policy sets.

Author: Unsure. Adding @hcrhall for clarity. Is VCS the recommended way to go for OPA as well?

| `data.attributes.name`                  | string         |                                               | The name of the policy, which can include letters, numbers, `-`, and `_`. You cannot modify this name after creation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `data.attributes.description`           | string         | `null`                                        | Text describing the policy's purpose. This field supports Markdown and appears in the Terraform Cloud UI.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

> | `data.attributes.kind`                  | string         | `sentinel`                                    | The policy-as-code framework for the policy. Valid values are `sentinel` and `opa`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: one note that I just saw is that for "policies" we put it in double quotes, but here the values are just in code format. We should be consistent - unless is there a specific reason that policies is in those quotes...let me know if there is! just checking :-)

| `data.attributes.enforce`               | array\[object] |                                               | An array of enforcement configurations that map policy file paths to their enforcement modes. Policies support a single file, so this array should consist of a single element. For Sentinel, if the path in the enforcement map does not match the Sentinel policy (`<NAME>.sentinel`), then Terraform Cloud uses the default `hard-mandatory` enforcement level. For OPA, the default enforcement level is `advisory`. |
| `data.attributes.enforce[].path`        | string         |                                               | For Sentinel, must be `<NAME>.sentinel`, where `<NAME>` has the same value as `data.attributes.name`. For OPA, must be `<NAME>.rego`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | `data.attributes.enforce[].mode`        | string         | `hard-mandatory`(Sentinel) , `advisory` (OPA) | The enforcement level of the policy. For Sentinel, valid values are `"hard-mandatory"`, `"soft-mandatory"`, and `"advisory"`. For OPA, Valid values are `"mandatory"`and `"advisory"`. Refer to [Managing Policies](/cloud-docs/policy-enforcement/manage-policies) for details.                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: This has double quotes, too! should it? I feel like we might be inconsistent on this in our docs to be honest - can you check with the other engineers to see what the actual preference is?

| `data.attributes.kind`                  | string         | `sentinel`                                    | The kind of policy that will be created. Valid values are `sentinel` and `opa`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| `data.attributes.query`                 | string         |                                               | The OPA query to run. Only valid for OPA policies                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

> | `data.attributes.enforce`               | array\[object] |                                               | An array of enforcement configurations which map Sentinel file paths to their enforcement modes. Currently policies only support a single file, so this array will consist of a single element. If the path in the enforcement map does not match the Sentinel policy (`<NAME>.sentinel`), then the default `hard-mandatory` will be used. |

Author: This is valid for both Sentinel and OPA. Fixed the docs.

> | `data.attributes.enforce[].path`        | string         |                                               | Must be `<NAME>.sentinel`, where `<NAME>` has the same value as `data.attributes.name`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Author: Valid for both Sentinel and OPA. Fixed the docs

| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `:policy_id` | The ID of the policy to upload code to. Use the "List Policies" endpoint (or the response to a "Create Policy" request) to find IDs. |

This endpoint uploads code to an existing Sentinel or OPA policy.

-> **Note**: This endpoint does not use JSON-API's conventions for HTTP headers and body serialization.

-> **Note**: This endpoint limits the size of uploaded policies to 10MB. If a larger payload is uploaded, an HTTP 413 error will be returned, and the policy will not be saved. Consider refactoring policies into multiple smaller, more concise documents if you reach this limit.

### Request Body

This PUT endpoint requires the text of a valid Sentinel or OPA policy, with a `Content-Type` of `application/octet-stream`.

> See [Defining Sentinel Policies](/cloud-docs/policies/sentinel/import) for details about writing Sentinel code.
> See [Defining OPA Policies](/cloud-docs/policies/opa/opa-policy-guidelines) for details about writing OPA code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Defining Sentinel Policies](/cloud-docs/policies/sentinel/import) for details about writing Sentinel code.
Refer to [Defining OPA Policies](/cloud-docs/policies/opa/opa-policy-guidelines) for details about writing OPA code.
```

> Refer to [Defining Sentinel Policies](/cloud-docs/policies/sentinel/import) for details about writing Sentinel code.
> Refer to [Defining OPA Policies](/cloud-docs/policies/opa/opa-policy-guidelines) for details about writing OPA code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refer to [Defining Sentinel Policies](/cloud-docs/policies/sentinel/import) for details about writing Sentinel code.
- Refer to [Defining OPA Policies](/cloud-docs/policies/opa/opa-policy-guidelines) for details about writing OPA code.
```

| `data.type`                      | string         |                                               | Must be `"policies"`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | `data.attributes.name`           | string         | (Current name)                                | Ignored if present.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: really? wait, why is it here then lol

Author: Its copy pasted from the original api docs, I guess if it defaults to the current name, we can remove it :D

> | `data.attributes.description`    | string         | `null`                                        | A description of the policy's purpose. This field supports Markdown and will be rendered in the Terraform Cloud UI.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.description`    | string         | `null`                                        | Text describing the policy's purpose. This field supports Markdown and appears in the Terraform Cloud UI.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
```

> | `data.attributes.query`          | string         |                                               | The OPA query to run. This is only valid for OPA policies                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.query`          | string         |                                               | The OPA query to run. This is only valid for OPA policies.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
```

> | `data.attributes.enforce`        | array\[object] |                                               | An array of enforcement configurations which map Sentinel file paths to their enforcement modes. Currently policies only support a single file, so this array will consist of a single element. The value provided **replaces** the enforcement map. To make an incremental update, you can first fetch the current value of this map from the [show endpoint](#show-a-policy) and modify it. If the path in the enforcement map does not match the Sentinel policy (`<NAME>.sentinel`), then the default `hard-mandatory` will be used. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.enforce`        | array\[object] |                                               | An array of enforcement configurations that map Sentinel file paths to their enforcement modes. Policies support a single file, so this array should consist of a single element. Only valid for Sentinel policies. If the path in the enforcement map does not match the Sentinel policy (`<NAME>.sentinel`), then Terraform Cloud uses the default `hard-mandatory` enforcement level. |
```

Author: Valid for both sentinel and opa. fixed the docs to reflect the same

| `data.attributes.enforce[].path` | string         |                                               | Must be `<NAME>.sentinel`, where `<NAME>` matches the original value of `data.attributes.name`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

> | `data.attributes.enforce[].mode` | string         | `hard-mandatory`(Sentinel) , `advisory` (OPA) | The enforcement level of the policy. Valid values are `"hard-mandatory"`, `"soft-mandatory"`, and `"advisory"` for Sentinel. For OPA, Valid values are `"mandatory"`and `"advisory"`. For more details, see [Managing Policies](/cloud-docs/policy-enforcement/manage-policies)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.enforce[].mode` | string         | `hard-mandatory`(Sentinel) , `advisory` (OPA) | The enforcement level of the policy. For Sentinel, valid values are `"hard-mandatory"`, `"soft-mandatory"`, and `"advisory"`. For OPA, valid values are `"mandatory"`and `"advisory"`. Refer to [Managing Policies](/cloud-docs/policy-enforcement/manage-policies) for details.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
```
